hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we'll be
talking about the 2006 film Mission
Impossible 3 the third film in the
Mission Impossible series so let's get
started information about this movie
somewhat relies that you've seen the
previous films if you need a quick
reminder watch my spoilers or the other
films by clicking the links here the
film starts at an engagement party for
Ethan Hunt who is now retired and only
trains other IMF agents and his fiancee
Julia a nurse who is unaware of Ethan's
true job Ethan receives a phone call and
meets with John Musgrave an IMF agent
who wants Eaton to go back on a mission
to rescue one of Ethan's trainees
Lindsey Farris Ethan's team consists of
his old partner computer expert Luther
Declan Bromley and zenlea the team
rescues Lindsey and recovers two damaged
laptops
however while fleeing it has discovered
that an explosive pellet has been
implanted in Lindsey's brain they
attempt to disable it but it detonates
and kills her back in the u.s. Ethan and
Musgrave are reprimanded by IMF Director
Theodore Brazel Ethan receives a letter
from Lindsey that was sent before she
was captured and it contains a microdot
in it which has a video on it in the
video she says that the arms dealer
Davian received a phone call from
brazil's office making it seem as though
Brazel is working with the arms dealer
Benji Dunn who is sort of the imf's
version of Q from James Bond recovers
data from the damaged laptops saying
Davian will be at the Vatican City
carrying with him the location of some
unknown device known as the rabbit's
foot which he hopes to sell for nearly a
billion dollars Ethan has a quick
impromptu marriage to his fiance Julia
before leaving the mission is not
approved by IMF but the team heads the
Vatican anyway breaks in and captures
Davian and his package on the flight
back the tied-up Davian begins to
threaten Ethan and then Ethan threatens
him back after landing while
transporting Davian the team's convoy
was attacked and Davian escapes Ethan's
wife julia is kidnapped and Davian gives
Ethan four
eight hours to find the rabbit's foot
and exchange it for Julia's life Ethan
is detained by IMF but Musgrave helps
him break out and tells them where the
rabbit foot is located in Shanghai even
steals the rabbit's foot escapes and
goes to meet Davian Davian has Ethan
tranquilized and when he even wakes up
he is tied to a chair and finds that his
wife has been tied up in front of him
Ethan has an explosive injected into his
head and then Davian demands to know
where the real rabbit's foot is Ethan is
confused as the last thing he knows
about the rabbit's foot is that he had
before Davian tranquilized him
Davian says if Ethan doesn't say where
the real rabbit's foot is he will kill
Julia Ethan is panicking uncertain what
to do and unable to give Davian any
information Davian kills Julia and
leaves the room
Musgrave enters the room revealing
himself as the IMF spy not Brazel he
explains that it was not Julia that they
killed but one of davian's henchmen that
failed him at the Vatican they used her
though to know for certain if it was the
real rabbit's foot that Ethan had
brought them Ethan finds out that the
real Julia is alive and tracks her down
when he reaches her though
Davian activates the M plan in his head
and in a brief period of time it will
detonate and kill him Davey and Ethan
fight but eventually Ethan is able to
kill Davian Ethan then has julia shock
him frying the implant but also stopping
his heart after fighting off some of the
remaining henchmen including killing
Musgrave julia resuscitates Ethan they
then both leave the rabbit's foot in
hand and Ethan explains his true career
to her Brazel congratulate s--
Ethan and lets him know that if Ethan
returns back to the field he'll let
Ethan know what the rabbit's foot
actually does and the film ends with
Ethan going on his honeymoon with Julia
so that was the spoilers for Mission
Impossible 3 if you have a film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching